Question
    Some people say that the internet provides people with a lot of valuable information.Others think access to much information creates problems.
    Which view do you agree with?
    Use specfic reasons and examples to support your answer.


  After the inventation of the internet,There are many discusses on the advantages and the disadvantages of it. It is unquestionable that the internet have totolly changed our life sytle in every aspects. In my opinion, the internet bring us so many benifits rather than problems.
  Firstly, the internet give me a chance to get foreign news. In china, the goverment limit us to get information from other country. It forbid us in receiving TV signal from setelites and don't allow the foreign newspapers into chinese markets. I am enger to read some different comments or some distinct view  about current political events. The internet let me enlarge my knowledge and remain my curtious character.
  Secondly, the internet bring a platform where we can show our interesting life and moments. Using phone which can connect to the internet, I share my feeling and photos to my family. My grandmother is glad to comment my images, and she also recommand many funny or moving video about my hometown. My grandmother and I are in different cities. I can't image the life that how lonely am i, without weekly talk to her in internet. The internet save our life to communicate with my relevants.
  Thirdly,although there are untold harmful infomations on the internet, Useful websites and healthy messages still are dominant in the internet. All the main websites and populer Apps are regulated by their companies and powerful departments of country. They are removing those lustful or crimerial videos in every second. The enviroment of internet is protected by them, so we don't need to worry about there are more crimes or illegal activities polluted the internet.
  All to all, the advert of the internet is a great event to our life. It left our conmunication to a higher level. I hope all of us can enjoy the benifits of the internet.